Which US president was unanimously elected by the Electoral College?
Which US president was the first president to live in the White House?
Which US president designed his own home, Monticello?
Which US president had the shortest stature?
Which US president was the last president who was also a Founding Father?
Which US president regularly swam nude in the Potomac River?
Which US president killed a man in a duel defending his wife's honor?
Which US president was the first president born a US citizen?
Which US president gave the longest inaugural address?
Which US president joined the Confederacy after his presidency?
Which US president didn't seek re-election and kept all his campaign promises?
Which US president never voted in a presidential election before winning one?
Which US president installed the first bathtub in the White House (possibly apocryphal but long-circulated)?
Which US president memorized his entire inaugural address?
Which US president was the only lifelong bachelor president?
Which US president was a licensed bartender?
Which US president never attended school?
Which US president once got a speeding ticket on horseback?
Which US president banned alcohol from the White House?
Which US president could write Latin with one hand and Greek with the other simultaneously?
Which US president owned over 80 pairs of pants?
Which US president personally executed two criminals as sheriff of Erie County?
Which US president was the first president to have electricity in the White House?
Which US president wore a red carnation as a good-luck charm?
Which US president gave a campaign speech right after being shot?
Which US president got stuck in the White House bathtub?
Which US president was the only president with a PhD?
Which US president once lost the White House china in a poker game?
Which US president had a pet raccoon named Rebecca?
Which US president spoke fluent Mandarin Chinese with his wife?
Which US president was related to 11 other presidents by blood or marriage?
Which US president had a middle name initial that doesn't stand for anything?
Which US president invented the interstate highway system?
Which US president won a Pulitzer Prize?
Which US president owned a car he could drive in a lake?
Which US president was an accomplished pianist who played at the White House?
Which US president worked as a male model in college?
Which US president filed an official UFO sighting report?
Which US president was the first divorced man to become president?
Which US president once skydived on his 90th birthday?
Which US president played the saxophone on The Arsenio Hall Show?
Which US president was a co-owner of the Texas Rangers baseball team?
Which US president collected Spider-Man and Conan the Barbarian comics?
Which US president had a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
Which US president was the oldest president ever inaugurated?