Which US state was the first to recognize Christmas as an official holiday?
Which US state has the highest percentage of federally owned land?
Which US state contains all four major US deserts?
Which US state is the only one that produces diamonds naturally?
Which US state has both the lowest and highest points in the contiguous United States?
Which US state has the highest average elevation?
Which US state issued the nation's first telephone book in 1878?
Which US state was the first to ratify the US Constitution?
Which US state is the only one with a coral barrier reef?
Which US state was originally founded as a colony for debtors?
Which US state is the only one that grows coffee commercially?
Which US state has a state seal that was the first in the nation to be designed by a woman?
Which US state reversed the flow of the Chicago River?
Which US state hosts the world's largest single-day sporting event?
Which US state's flag design is patterned after France's tricolor?
Which US state is located at the geographic center of the contiguous United States?
Which US state is home to the world's longest cave system?
Which US state uses parishes instead of counties?
Which US state has the only one-syllable name?
Which US state inspired the national anthem "The Star-Spangled Banner"?
Which US state established the first public park?
Which US state has more freshwater shoreline than any state except Alaska?
Which US state has more natural lakes than any other?
Which US state performed the first human lung transplant?
Which US state was the starting point for both the Oregon and Santa Fe Trails?
Which US state has the largest grizzly bear population in the lower 48 states?
Which US state has the only unicameral (one-house) legislature?
Which US state is the driest in the nation?
Which US state has neither a general sales tax nor a state income tax on wages?
Which US state hosted the first organized baseball game in 1846?
Which US state contains the oldest continuously inhabited community in the US?
Which US state hosted the first women's rights convention in 1848?
Which US state was the site of the first powered flight?
Which US state produces nearly all of the nation's canola and flaxseed?
Which US state has produced more US presidents than any other?
Which US state has more man-made lakes than any other?
Which US state's flag has a different design on each side?
Which US state established the first zoo in the United States?
Which US state was the last of the original 13 colonies to ratify the Constitution?
Which US state fired the first shots of the Civil War?
Which US state hosts the annual Sturgis Motorcycle Rally?
Which US state is the birthplace of three US presidents?
Which US state was an independent nation for nearly a decade before joining the US?
Which US state hosted the completion of the first transcontinental railroad?
Which US state was an independent republic before joining the Union in 1791?
Which US state contains the most Civil War battlefields?
Which US state is named after a US president?
Which US state was created by seceding from a Confederate state during the Civil War?
Which US state produces the most cheese in the United States?
Which US state was the first to grant women the right to vote?